# NDEP-Login-System-w-GUI-Interphase
This project is a login system that lets the user register and use their credentials to login. The system was created to focus on implementing relaible password policies to demo cybersecurity importance. The system contains recon tools and penetration methods to steal user information. This system was used with three fictional password policies for our project. However, I won't include those policies as users can use the login system for their needs. 
I will include a list of steps below on how to use the login system for testing purposes. You will need access to your terminal so the GUI can accept user input.
Step 1 - Click register button and enter username and password credentials and verify that your user file has been created. The file should appear as your username. 
Step 2 - After registering go back to main screen and attempt to login. Information is case-sensitive so BE SURE to make sure you're entering the correct information. If "login success" message is shown on screen then your login attempt was successful. If any other message is shown check for errors such as entering the wrong username or password.
Step 3 - Now we want to display how we can penetrate and steal user information. First, we want to exit to the main screen and click the scanner button to access the recon tools. Next, you will use the "Username finder" tool to access evry file in your python directory to scan for any files that could contain user information. After, you have identified an file you will use the "Username Verify" tool to verify that the file actually does exist in your directory.
Step 4 - We have now made it to the penetration testing stage. Exit to the main screen and use the "Attack" button to access the attacking tools. I have created an brute force and dictionary attack method. Choose attack method and enter file name from Step 3 to penetrate the user file. REMEMBER credentials are case-sensitive so be cautious while entering information. If user exists and the attack method finds an password match the terminal will output an "PASSWORD MATCH" message. If password doesn't match or user not found look for errors made in steps 1-3. If no error was made then you have succesfully created an password that can't be penetrated by our methods. (Brute force method has time constraints and must have proper CPU to execute attack for lengthier and complex passwords. I recommend to only use 3-5 character password with minimal complexity for testing purposes)
Step 5 - Last, if you have received the "PASSWORD MATCH" exit to main screen and attempt to login using the username and password that has been returned to you. If login is succesful then the users accounts has been successfully compromised. 
